Hello.
My name is River.
My name is Eden.
We’re going to see Uncle Tony and Auntie Anna.
They’re helping to build the new Bethel
in Britain at the Chelmsford construction site.
They have been given
special permission to show us around.
So you can see how a Bethel is built!
Hello, River and Eden.
Hello.
Are you ready to get going?
Yeah!
Bye!
All right, let’s go!
Whoa!
Wow!
What are all these buildings for?
Well, these two buildings up there on the hill
—they’re the production buildings.
This one right in front of us—that’s the office building.
And then these ones down the hill
—they’re all the residences for the Bethelites.
It takes years of work
before you can even start building a Bethel.
So do you want to know what the first step is?
Yeah.
OK, come with me.
Hello!
This is the office where the designers work.
Hello, my name is Dan.
What are your names?
My name is River.
And my name is Eden.
Ah, it’s really nice to meet you both.
So this is the design office.
The brothers tell us what they want;
we work out how to build it.
So why do you build these models?
Mark, Stacey?
Yeah.
Do you have a second?
Yeah, sure.
Maybe they can explain
what’s happening in this model.
When you make a model like this,
you really get an idea
of what the landscape will look like,
how things will look in the setting, and how—
It’s clever.
It’s really clever, isn’t it?
Yeah.
Of course, to build buildings this big,
we need big machines.
Kids, this is Cori.
Cori—River and Eden.
River and Eden, nice to meet you.
How much can the truck carry?
It can carry 25 tons.
Whoa!
That’s like three elephants.
Is it hard to drive?
Sometimes it can be
if I’m in a very tight spot.
Would you recommend driving the massive truck?
Most definitely!
Now, this is the most important department
on the whole project.
Would you like to come and see the kitchen?
Yeah!
OK, let’s go.
Wow, that’s really big!
It’s quite heavy to stir.
Ahh!
Ah! It’s so cold!
It’s chocolate-flavored ice cream!
Ahh!
Nice!
. . . three dishwashers.
Wow!
So before we go, guys,
I’ve got one more person I’d like you to meet.
Thank you very much.
River and Eden, this is Brother Luccioni.
Hello.
How are you, Eden?
Good.
Hello.
It’s nice to meet you.
I hear you had a tour today.
Yeah, it was really good.
Oh, that’s great.
And I understand you have some questions for me.
So let’s go someplace
where we can talk about them, OK?
OK.
Let’s go this way.
OK, so you had some questions.
What’s your first one?
What is it like working with your friends?
Oh, that is the best thing.
So every day you look forward
to coming in because you’re going
to get to be with your friends.
How does Jehovah help you with your job?
Oh, Jehovah helps us so much with our job.
So, for me personally,
he helps me keep calm,
because I think about all the work
that we have in supporting the Governing Body.
They have so much work to do.
Seeing how Jehovah
takes a group of volunteers
(brothers and sisters
who are doing this just because they want to)
who come and work together
and seeing how they
accomplish this is the most incredible thing.
That’s my favorite part of every project.
Yeah.
How many prayers do you think you’ve said?
I can’t even count how many—many prayers.
And it’s only
with Jehovah’s help that we get it done.
It’s not because of us.
Well, you had some really good questions.
Thank you.
Oh, you are welcome.
Thank you very much for coming to visit.
We hope you enjoyed learning
how a Bethel is built.
But now it’s time to go home.
Bye.